Move typed metavariables from experimental to official support (#1357)
semgrep/semgrep: docs/pattern-features.md

}
```

### Typed Metavariables

> Typed metavariables only match a metavariable if it is of a specific type. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typed metavariables only match a metavariable if it is declared as a specific type. For
```

example, you may want to specifically check that `==` is never used for
strings.

**Java:**

```text
pattern: $X == (String $Y)
```

```java
public class Example {
    public int foo(String a, int b) {
        // Matched
        if (a == "hello") {
            return 1;
        }

        // Not matched
        if (b == 2) {
            return -1;
        }
    }
}
```

**Go:**

```text
pattern: "$X == ($Y : str)"
```

```go
func main() {
    var x string
    var y string
    var a int
    var b int

    // Matched
    if x == y {
       x = y
    }

    // Not matched
    if a == b {
       a = b
    }
}
```

#### Limitations:

Currently, since matching happens within a single file, this is only guaranteed
to work for local variables and arguments. Additionally, it only understands
types on a shallow level. For example, if you have `int[] A`, it will not
recognize `A[0]` as an integer. If you have a class with fields, you will not be
able to use typechecking on field accesses, and it will not recognize the
class' field as the expected type. Literal types are understood to a limited
extent.

> Go currently does not recognize the type of all variables when declared on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep for Go currently does not recognize the type of all variables when declared on the
```
